the health of our patients , the health of us all , depends on it .
let 's go ahead and try this again with neuroscience in mind .
and finally , finally , the rational decision-maker can take the wheel and i can start working on the talk .
do you ever feel like your own ideology is starting to get predictable ?
and that changed a great deal in march of 2014 , when the ebola outbreak was declared in guinea .
and he wants to just have us do whatever makes sense to be doing right now .
so , this is a story about how we know what we know .
they used to tell their neighbors and friends , `` our son , he 's taking a gap decade . ''
i can not tell you how many really important people have said that listening is perhaps the most , the number one most important skill that you could develop .
and that 's what i 'm very passionate about .
so if you wanted a career where you 're a self-starter -- something in the arts , something entrepreneurial -- there 's no deadlines on those things at first , because nothing 's happening , not until you 've gone out and done the hard work to get momentum , get things going .
so , scientists knew all of that already , but it still does n't fully explain how natalia found one so far north .
people use the r-word in front of me , and they think it does n't matter .
and my hand gripped firmer , so i would n't be the one left in the field .
and for me , it completely upended the way i think of the camel .
and having been trained at the west point of capitalism , this struck us as a revolutionary idea .
i think what 's missing is a platform .
you do n't need to take that moment to prove how amazing you are or how much you 've suffered .
and i was like , `` alright , do n't trust me .
if you 're a conservative , be the conservative who is always going on about poverty and the moral obligation to be a warrior for the poor .
what can you do ? ''
at its best , it 's about aspiration , which is what so many people on this stage talk about , is the aspiration that comes from dreams that are embedded in the free enterprise system .
if they 're liberal , they 're going to hate big banks and oil corporations and dick cheney .
infection rates climbed , and when treatment became available in the west , treatment that remains our most potent weapon against this virus , it was unaffordable to the public sector across africa .
and for the procrastinator , that conflict tends to end a certain way every time , leaving him spending a lot of time in this orange zone , an easy and fun place that 's entirely out of the makes sense circle .
zimbabwe reported its first aids case in 1985 , the year i arrived .
it 's a little bit more systematized , my background is designing data centers in hospitals of all things , so i know a little bit about creating a controlled environment .
thank you very much .
it was n't their dream .
so , this is a map of climate in the world .
when i moved to harare in 1985 , social justice was at the core of zimbabwe 's national health policy .
for me , i questioned : what if climate was democratic ?
in this case , take a cue from journalists .
i thought that was the end of everything .
hence , touch to see .
again , assume that you have something to learn .
and as she made her way to the altar , i snuck right in behind her , because i knew for sure that my grandmother was going to heaven .
but unlike all threats to humanity , ebola is one where we 're actually all the same .
i will speak out against racism , and i hope you will join me , and i will join you when you speak out against sexism or any other form of inequality .
it 's impossible .
a graduate student of mine was reading a book about sierra leone , and she discovered that the word `` kenema , '' the hospital that we work at and the city where we work in sierra leone , is named after the mende word for `` clear like a river , translucent and open to the public gaze . ''
we need to provide opportunities to connectivity , electricity , education , the right to work , access to capital and banking .
but pioneers like dr. hayden and eunice kennedy shriver , the founder of special olympics , persevered , and special olympics athletes have proved them right four and a half million times over .
and we have to do that .
jackie was a huge star in la , and espn live-tweeted his record-breaking lifts and were wowed by his performance .
thank you .
we 're going to come back to this in just a bit .
well , it turns out that there 's two kinds of procrastination .
like , in this case , this one scientist finds this one shard of what she thought was wood , and because of that , science has a totally new and totally counterintuitive theory about why this absurd dr. seuss-looking creature looks the way it does .
number four : go with the flow .
and i built silly things and i made plants dance and i attached them to my computer and i killed them all -- a lot .
how old do you think it was from when it was picked ?
i 'm speaking up about a lot of things , even when it makes listeners uncomfortable , even when it makes me uncomfortable .
never before have i encountered so many sharks on a single coral outcrop .
we trend those data points over time .
and there 's a lot of interesting technology in there .
the day before our game , the nigerian basketball team went to the world games healthy athlete screening , where seven of 10 members were given hearing aids for free and got to hear clearly for the first time .
ln : oh my god , i want a pet rabbit-camel .
what good answer comes from two percent of any population ?
i felt tremendously privileged to be part of this transformation , a revolution .
i 've smelled the fishy , fishy breath of humpback whales feeding just feet away from me in the cold seas off canada 's great bear rainforest .
it was true just recently of ebola .
we listen with the intent to reply . ''
farming is hard .
and the reality is , we 're just at the beginning , in a time when society is shifting , too .
two weeks ?
do n't think about your argument you had with your boss .
we need to come together around the best ways to mitigate poverty using the best tools at our disposal , and that comes only when conservatives recognize that they need liberals and their obsession with poverty , and liberals need conservatives and their obsession with free markets .
beautiful , white roots , deep , green colors and a monthly harvest .
but there 's another reason : we get distracted .
and i say , `` ok . ''
in 1980 , the year of independence , 25 percent of zimbabwean children were fully immunized .
our role as health professionals is not just to treat our patients but to sound the alarm and advocate for change .
there was no length to which i would not go to preach this gospel , to get more people to believe that we could bind the wounds of a broken country , one social business at a time .
i had taken care of a few patients with aids in the early 1980s , when i did my medical training at harlem hospital , but -- we had no idea what lay in store for africa .
like , this is , temperature-wise , the polar opposite of the sahara .
like , for instance , the hump may be helpful to camels in hotter climes because having all your fat in one place , like a , you know , fat backpack , means that you do n't have to have that insulation all over the rest of your body .
most people are walking around saying , `` you know , my ideology is based on basic benevolence , i want to help people , but the other guys , they 're evil and out to get me . ''
thank you very much .
a lot of it 's on this stage .
and so what i want to do is take a step back and ask two really fundamental questions , the two questions we all need to ask .
they had waited their whole lives for this moment , just as their medieval predecessors had longed for the end of the world , and just as my grandmother waited for the oprah winfrey show to come on channel 8 every day at 4 o'clock .
think about it . think about it .
ray , how 's it going ?
crazy .
people do n't think it 's insulting , but it is .
far from being hidden away , we were cheered and celebrated .
i had knelt faithfully at the altar of the american dream , praying to the gods of my time of success , and money , and power .
i can tell you one thing for sure : this is the first time anybody in the media lab ripped the roots off of anything .
yes , i 've come so far that i 'm right back where i started .
so the modern refugee regime was created in the aftermath of the second world war by these guys .
the kind of conversation where you walk away feeling engaged and inspired , or where you feel like you 've made a real connection or you 've been perfectly understood .
now , the truth is , i was n't really political , i was just a french horn player .
but what happened next was nothing short of miraculous .
so by touching our work directly , we 're not only going to control it better , we 're also going to understand it much more deeply .
what if each country had its own productive climate ?
i know that free enterprise is n't perfect , and i know that free enterprise is n't everything we need to build a better world .
we published the idea in the journal foreign affairs .
and he said this : `` i came to realize ... ''
we know what 's wrong with this .
at the 2015 world summer games , my team canada teammates and i played the nigerian basketball team .
yeah .
if they 're conservative , they 're going to hate obama and food stamps and abortion .
the world does not see all people like me as champions .
we need to sit down and work on this right now . ''
and i say , `` yeah . ''
and unfortunately , that day came .
if you want to get out of the conversation , get out of the conversation , but do n't be half in it and half out of it .
they 're like , `` why does a plant need co2 anyway ? is n't co2 bad ?
they drive and trap the fish upward against the ocean surface and then they rush in to dine on this pulsating and movable feast .
which is why we have another guy in our brain , the rational decision-maker , who gives us the ability to do things no other animal can do .
now , when a normal student writes a paper , they might spread the work out a little like this .
i do n't have to hear anything i 'm not interested in .
ln : what ? rabbit-sized camels ?
latif nasser : and i think she 's particularly interesting because of where she digs that stuff up , way above the arctic circle in the remote canadian tundra .
so i have 10 basic rules . i 'm going to walk you through all of them , but honestly , if you just choose one of them and master it , you 'll already enjoy better conversations .
i wanted to make it bigger .
and this made me feel even more ridiculous -- hurt , really .
i did n't voice my concerns loudly enough .
and i do n't know about you , but living inside of windows scares me .
that 's something we ought to celebrate .
so in college , i was a government major , which means i had to write a lot of papers .
that 's an option that about 75 percent of syrian refugees have taken .
you 'd have blizzards .
you see , i 've come a long way from that altar on the night i thought the world would end , from a world where people spoke in tongues and saw suffering as a necessary act of god and took a text to be infallible truth .
it costs 200 euros to take a budget airline from bodrum to frankfurt .
but if i 'm being honest , it also spread because i fought to spread it .
we had friends on the front lines and to us it was just obvious that what we needed is help , lots of help .
and honestly , i think it 's what makes me a better host .
all of them lived below the poverty line .
he told me that he would take any help that he could get .
and to the monkey , humans are just another animal species .
it was created precisely for situations like the situation we see in syria today .
it starts to condense , make a fog and eventually drip .
and i can still vividly remember furiously finning to reach this old , encrusted cannon on a shallow coral reef .
and calvin coolidge said , `` no man ever listened his way out of a job . ''
i was aware that socially marginalized populations were at disproportionate risk of getting and dying of aids .
it can talk to me , it 's conversant , we have a language .
we all have to demand that of ourselves and others -- to be open to each other when an outbreak happens , to fight in this fight together .
there was a time when people with intellectual disabilities were hidden away from society .
so there 's a third alternative , and it 's one that increasing numbers of syrians are taking .
food crisis .
well , first , let 's be honest : there are differences .
i call it the dark playground .
and inside of this warehouse we 're going to build something kind of like this .
it 's a miracle that we feed seven billion people with just a few of us involved in the production of food .
it introduced the west to grinding poverty around the world .
we built a digital farm ?
and in my mind , my job was to take care of patients and to do research to better understand the population patterns of transmission , and i hoped that we 'd slow the spread of the virus .
nr : the really primitive , early ones would have been really small , almost like rabbits .
it 's not pretty , but in the end , it works .
it could 've stopped something .
now , what does this mean for the procrastinator ?
something was wrong .
maybe progress will start at that point .
and he says , `` oh . humidity is rain .
but it could n't have been either of those .
and he is photo-realistic .
it struck me that it would have been strange anyway , for jesus to come back again and again based on the different time zones .
has it gotten worse ? has it gotten better ? what ?
some of you remember that picture , not exactly that picture , one just like it .
i am here because there is still a big problem with the way many people see individuals with intellectual disabilities , or , too often , how they do n't see them at all .
in conclusion , we really need a new vision , a vision that enlarges the choices of refugees but recognizes that they do n't have to be a burden .
i call this a life calendar .
see , when i was a kid growing up in seattle , i remember the first time i saw real poverty .
as health professionals , our tools were pitifully weak : imploring people to change their individual behaviors , use condoms , reduce number of partners .
special olympics keeps us healthy by getting us active and participating in sport .
it could even be disseminated intentionally .
what do you think of when you see someone like me ?
but what is it ?
the frustration is not that they could n't achieve their dreams ; it 's that they were n't even able to start chasing them .
i 'm now with you , i 'm in the moment , we 're connecting .
that 's number one . number two .
now , he became very relevant in my life pretty recently , because the people of ted reached out to me about six months ago and invited me to do a ted talk .
as a neuroscience student , i would always fantasize about the ability to learn and memorize these complex brain structures with an actual machine , where i could touch and play with the various brain structures .
stories and ideas are going to come to you .
in other words , refugees are making jobs for citizens of the host country .
a room like this , nonetheless .
you do the same thing .
there is a historical precedent for it as well .
former un secretary kofi annan has spoken candidly about his personal failure leading to the rwandan genocide .
we went on 8,000 miles across america in the summer of 2013 , through the cow pastures of montana , through the desolation of detroit , through the swamps of new orleans , where we found and worked with men and women who were building small businesses that made purpose their bottom line .
they gather together , and they show their joy .
you have to keep well-slept , well-fed and propagating into the next generation , which in tribal times might have worked ok .
i come from one of the most liberal , tolerant , progressive places in the united states , seattle , washington .
to thrive and survive in my profession , you really have to be a hopeless optimist .
ln : so what animal could it be ?
nr : ... i get out the hand lens , i 'm looking a little bit more closely and realizing it does n't quite look like this has tree rings .
we 're building a system that you 've always known how to use .
anyway -- but really , azuri is here as a living reminder that the story of our world is a dynamic one .
they care about what you 're like , what you have in common .
so this world that we live in , this world in which every conversation has the potential to devolve into an argument , where our politicians ca n't speak to one another and where even the most trivial of issues have someone fighting both passionately for it and against it , it 's not normal .
my name is matthew williams , and i am a champion .
everything i 've talked about today , the examples i 've given , they all have deadlines .
i 'm going to now take a step further and go ahead and grab this pair of glasses and leave it right here by the desk .
think open genome , but we 're going to put little climate recipes , like wikipedia , that you can pull down , actuate and grow .
does that change the way you think of me and my accomplishments ?
the change in them was amazing .
a massive expansion of rural health centers placed roughly 80 percent of the population less than a two-hour walk from these facilities , a truly remarkable accomplishment .
that 's one box for every week of a 90-year life .
but i was not talking about structural change .
and , really , that we 're all just one shard of bone away from seeing the world anew .
and i kind of grew up assuming everyone has some hidden , amazing thing about them .
there are five reasons that two billion of our brothers and sisters have been pulled out of poverty since i was a kid .
that 's not even a joke .
i do not have a gospel of faith to share with you today , in fact .
and then , only later , long after it crossed over the land bridge did it retrofit those winter features for a hot desert environment ?
we worked hard , and at the time , i believed that i was doing my best .
what would that change about how we live ?
how do we solve it ?
number two : free trade .
armies of crustaceans , most no bigger than the size of your pupils , are the mainstay of the manta ray 's diet .
thomas peschak conservation photographer in my 40 years on this planet , i 've had the great privilege to explore some of its most incredible seascapes for national geographic magazine and the save our seas foundation .
but when it comes to lifting people up who are starving and need us today , those are distractions .
social entrepreneurship . yeah . absolutely . phenomenal .
`` were you angry ? '' `` yes , i was very angry . ''
i saw colleagues and friends die , my students , hospital patients , die .
and then maybe , just maybe , we 'll all realize that our big differences are n't really that big after all .
and as a historian , you start with an idea in your mind of how the story goes .
however , based on the size of the bone that they found , it meant that this camel was 30 percent larger than modern-day camels .
i was providing excellent treatment , such as it was .
yes , they are a humanitarian responsibility , but they 're human beings with skills , talents , aspirations , with the ability to make contributions -- if we let them .
now , i want to show you one last thing .
and i said , `` hallelujah . ''
you could put your holographic tesla that you 're shopping for -- or whatever model my legal team told me to put in right before the show .
my hope is that in the future , i will have to search much , much harder to make photographs like this , while creating images that showcase our respectful coexistence with the ocean .
demou-kay arrived in the settlement with very little , but he wanted to be a filmmaker .
we have labor shortages , and yet we exclude people who fit our economic and demographic needs from coming to europe .
and they were emotional because they could hear the sounds of the basketball , the sounds of the whistle and the cheering fans in the stands -- sounds that we take for granted .
there are just so many contradictions .
my colleagues will jones and alex teytelboym have explored ways in which that idea could be applied to refugees , to ask refugees to rank their preferred destinations , but also allow states to rank the types of refugees they want on skills criteria or language criteria and allow those to match .
but i know them as two of the most extraordinary places on earth .
they go on and on .
and i do n't expect it to be much different in europe or anywhere else in the world .
it was the obsession with poverty , accompanied by the method of economic freedom spreading around the world .
i train five days a week for basketball and speed skating , work with top quality coaches and mental performance consultants to be at my best in my sport .
ln : and he processed it , and compared it to 37 known and modern-day mammal species .
nr : the size of this thing , it was huge . it 's a really big animal .
so if there 's one idea that i could leave you with here today , it 's that the natural machine is not some figment of the future , it 's right here in 2016 .
and that dichotomy between how crappy i was feeling and how happy they were feeling about the same technology , really got me thinking .
so i read these emails and i had a little bit of an epiphany -- that i do n't think non-procrastinators exist .
that 's a great story ! it 's totally adapted for that .
this was an exceptional work that was done .
in hospitals there , there 's a community of nurses , physicians and scientists that have been quietly battling one of the deadliest threats to humanity for years : lassa virus .
maybe gmo is the problem ?
thank you so much .
we 've created an interface for this that 's much like a game .
but i think it 's a false choice .
in india : farmers ' families not being able to have basic access to utilities , more farmer suicides this year and the previous 10 before that .
but i was upset on their behalf .
ln : ooh ! nr : yeah , right ?
amira , like around 25 percent of the world 's refugees , is a woman with children , and she ca n't go home because she comes from this city that you see before you , homs , a once beautiful and historic city now under rubble .
growing up , i played hockey until i was 12 years old .
but still , like , they would have six-month-long winters where the ponds would freeze over .
is this a new retail experience ?
i 'd urge you all to wake up and urge our politicians to wake up to this challenge .
he does work on the ideology and values and morals of different people to see how they differ .
we proclaim our liberal values in opposition to fundamentalist islam , and yet -- we have repressive policies that detain child asylum seekers , that separate children from their families , and that seize property from refugees .
but we have them , and we pay for them in lives cut short .
it 's where leisure activities happen at times when leisure activities are not supposed to be happening .
they had been duped , hoodwinked , bamboozled , and i had gone right along with them .
it 's not that they 're cramming for some project .
what if ?
set it to 100 .
this lettuce that day was hyper sweet .
refugees in such urban areas do n't usually have the right to work .
so how do we build this platform that inspires the youth ?
and it was an article in 2014 on political motive asymmetry .
it 's unpleasant . it 's not right .
and then he forces his eyeballs back up to mine and he goes , `` keep going . i 'm with you . ''
we found a rwandan who runs a business that 's available to allow the youth to play computer games on recycled games consoles and recycled televisions .
there 's nothing inevitable about refugees being a cost .
we should use machines that bring our work back into the world .
be in that moment .
we start having beacons .
i am here today to challenge you to look at us as equals .
there are times when i feel really quite ashamed to be a european .
and even though most of you prepared for y2k in a very different way , i 'm convinced that you are here because some part of you has done the same thing that i have done since the dawn of this new century , since my mother left and my father stayed away and my lord refused to come .
wrong .
it could also be used at the national level , where one of the great challenges we face is to persuade local communities to accept refugees .
fifty years ago , few imagined individuals with intellectual disabilities could do anything like that .
and i think this is the wrong way , i think we can start using a much more natural machine .
special olympics teaches the world that people with intellectual disabilities deserve respect and inclusion .
i 'd like to talk to you today about this problem , and how we can fix it with neuroscience .
but it was this journey of evangelism that led me to the rather different gospel that i 've come to share with you today .
i listened for silence as anxiously as one might listen for noise , trying to be sure that the lord had n't pulled a fast one on me and decided to come back early .
the gospel of doubt does not ask that you stop believing , it asks that you believe a new thing : that it is possible not to believe .
now , sometimes it makes sense to be doing things that are easy and fun , like when you 're having dinner or going to bed or enjoying well-earned leisure time .
guys , this is not only going to change phones , it 's also going to change the way we collaborate .
now , when you hear the word `` camel , '' what may come to mind is one of these , the bactrian camel of east and central asia .
what we rarely do is ask refugees what they want , where they want to go , but i 'd argue we can do that and still make everyone better off .
now , fisherman from neighboring islands , they once hunted these manta rays to make traditional drums from their skins .
i 'm like , `` no , that 's 6.1 -- no , no , you ca n't eat it today . ''
when does it achieve the nutrition that i need ?
in the next few years , humanity 's going to go through a shift , i think .
so here 's the brain of a non-procrastinator .
i just wanted to enjoy that one moment when all of you thought , `` this guy is amazing ! ''
number seven : try not to repeat yourself .
all i had to do was avoid taking the mark of the beast , fight off demons , plagues and the antichrist himself .
guys , i can see this guy in front me in full 3d .
i want you to take a look carefully to see if you can notice a difference .
the government has spent over a hundred million dollars connecting it to the electricity grid , connecting it to the road network , but it lacked two things : access to labor and inward investment .
now if you 're anything like me , your mind is already reeling with the possibilities of what we can do with this kind of technology , so let 's look at a few .
right ? you , all of you , can not accept that .
food computers , food servers , soon-to-be food data centers , connecting people together to share information .
that was the day i fell in love with the ocean .
you have to listen to one another .
now , i am a basketball player and speed skater who has competed at provincial , national games , and this year made it all the way to the world summer games in la , where i was part of the first ever canadian basketball team to compete at world games .
nr : we took a saw , and we nicked just the edge of it , and there was this really interesting smell that comes from it .
on one platform , doing what they 're good at .
the fourth idea i want to put to you is of humanitarian visas .
we 're going to keep making it more so .
and she was quiet , too quiet .
and this leads me to our third guideline , the holographic campfire from our first story .
irreconcilable differences , right ?
thank you .
do n't think about what you 're going to have for dinner .
so i went into this school and i said , `` set it to 65 percent humidity . ''
you 're just two people shouting out barely related sentences in the same place .
a camel .
we 've all had really great conversations .
but the first time i truly went underwater , i was about 10 years old .
and because it has two hearts , it grows four or five times faster .
so , we 've open-sourced all of this .
it could benefit refugees , but it could also contribute to the postconflict reconstruction of syria by recognizing that we need to incubate refugees as the best source of eventually rebuilding syria .
ln : but at any moment , you could uncover some tiny bit of evidence .
what does this look like in a world ?
is it getting too much sun ?
in the camp , she might get assistance , but there are very few prospects for amira and her family .
and this next use case is very personal to me , it 's professor adam gazzaley 's glass brain project , courtesy of ucsf .
this is not just my fantasy , this is where we 're already deploying .
or crank down co2 , plant does very well .
i talk to people that i like . i talk to people that i do n't like .
special olympics is changing the world by transforming four and a half million athletes and giving us a place to be confident , meet friends , not be judged and get to feel like and be champions .
i held on when i showed up in washington dc as a young staffer , who had heard a voice call out from illinois , saying , `` it 's been a long time coming , but in this election , change has come to america . ''
it says everything that makes up us , and it tells us so much information .
there 's a lot of good research on this .
and i know that that is frightening , i understand that , but i know also , and this experience shows us , that we have the technology and we have the capacity to win this thing , to win this and have the upper hand over viruses .
now , of course you 'd need to build in quotas on things like diversity and vulnerability , but it 's a way of increasing the possibilities of matching .
and we 've got to share it with more people .
so forget the details . leave them out .
they 're ways in which we can have greater choice for refugees beyond those basic , impossible three options i explained to you and still leave others better off .
and the next time this happens , it could happen in a city of millions , it could start there .
and the pristine seas i used to dream of as a child are becoming harder and harder to find .
close behind are sharks .
if we allowed refugees to do that , it would have major advantages .
and it has changed the way the world sees people with intellectual disabilities .
through an international convention signed by 147 governments , the 1951 convention on the status of refugees , and an international organization , unhcr , states committed to reciprocally admit people onto their territory who flee conflict and persecution .
the first one i want to think about is the idea of enabling environments , and it starts from a very basic recognition that refugees are human beings like everyone else , but they 're just in extraordinary circumstances .
because then they might have to stop for a moment and think about it , and you 're going to get a much more interesting response .
under a full-size replica of a whale , i sat with the titans of our time as they celebrated their peers and their good deeds .
all these traces -- these are cars , planes , trains and automobiles .
and in three , two , one , we 're going to see an immersive hologram appear , a very realistic hologram appear in front of me , of our very glasses i 'm wearing on my head right now .
and it was frightening , frightening for us all .
or to shout or to say simply , very simply , `` there must be another way . ''
and so many opportunities get missed when that happens .
farmers develop the most beautiful fortune-telling eyes by the time they 're in their late 60s and 70s .
they shift and they change , and californian farmers now become mexican farmers .
our pact with our patients , the hippocratic oath and its variants , is about the sanctity of the patient-doctor relationship .
a conversation requires a balance between talking and listening , and somewhere along the way , we lost that balance .
special olympics is transforming their lives off the field .
and the heat came on to add to the sweat .
i am one of more than four and a half million athletes around the globe , and i 've heard so many similar stories .
its reef forms a protective outer barrier and the inner lagoon is a nursery ground for galapagos sharks .
that 's the way the status quo works .
capitalism is not just about accumulation .
so matching markets offer a potential way to bring those preferences together and listen to the needs and demands of the populations that host and the refugees themselves .
but as i witnessed this temple of finance come crashing down before my eyes , i knew that even the best job could n't save me .
and the shame of that , that shame washed over me like the shame of sitting in front of the television , watching peter jennings announce the new millennium again and again and again .
my eyes clenched tighter so i would n't see the wheat being separated from the chaff .
clearly , it always lived there .
and just as we were getting to the best part of the conversation , of course , his phone lights up .
you ca n't love something and become a champion for it if you do n't know it exists .
we could actually take these 99 different viruses , look at them and compare them , and we could see , actually , compared to three genomes that had been previously published from guinea , we could show that the outbreak emerged in guinea months before , once into the human population , and from there had been transmitting from human to human .
by the mid-1990s , i 'd told hundreds of people in the prime of life that they were hiv-positive .
it sounds like milton friedman or ronald reagan .
this species truly has made a remarkable comeback .
and from that graveyard , i began the search once more , not because i was brave , but because i knew that i would either believe or i would die .
this process , aeroponics , was developed by nasa for mir space station for reducing the amount of water they send into space .
so amira and her family face an almost impossible choice .
some of us may believe in the prophecy of brené brown or tony robbins .
again , that means we 're not listening to each other .
how hard could it be to walk up the stairs ?
with hundreds of cases , it had already eclipsed all previous outbreaks .
and i found the answer , and it changed my life , and i want to share it with you .
we need investment overseas in a sustainable , responsible , ethical and moral way . yes . yes .
the second idea i want to discuss is economic zones .
the smartphones that you all either have in your hands or close enough that you could grab them really quickly .
in the 1960s , dr. frank hayden , a scientist at the university of toronto , was studying the effects of regular exercise on the fitness levels of children with intellectual disabilities .
and we also worked around the clock doing shift work , day after day , and we quickly generated 99 genomes of the ebola virus .
ln : some had snouts , like crocodiles .
but as the congress ground to a halt and the country ripped at the seams and hope and change began to feel like a cruel joke , i knew that even the political second coming could not save me .
thank you .
i held on when i showed up at lehman brothers as an intern in 2008 .
china picks up land in brazil to grow better food , and we 're a slave to climate .
but we got a little too big .
decades of overfishing had brought them close to collapse .
so the panic monster starts losing his mind , and a few seconds later , the whole system 's in mayhem .
my spatial memory kicks in , and i can go ahead and grab it and bring it right back here , reminding me that i am the operating system .
as we go around the world , 50 percent of the african population is under 18 .
but it 's not unique to japan .
so why not apply that to give refugees greater choice ?
thank you .
it 's coming together around these ideas , liberals and conservatives , to help people who need us the most .
now , in the animal world , that works fine .
this doubt leads me to share that we are putting my organization , mbas across america , out of business .
and amira to me represents many of the people i 've met in the region .
it 's politics that prevents us doing that rather than a rational solution .
and as they swirl in tight formation , this multi-step column of mantas creates its own vortex , sucking in and delivering the plankton right into the mantas ' cavernous mouths .
we 're going to start putting an entire layer of digital information on the real world .
a recent new york times analysis reported that there are 1.5 million missing black men across the country .
a majority of people in our country today who are politically active believe that they are motivated by love but the other side is motivated by hate .
but one of the most extraordinary things i learned about them on one of my first visits out there many years ago was that they start each morning -- these challenging , extraordinary days on the front lines -- by singing .
our mirror-neuron subsystem suggests that we can connect with each other and with our work much better if we can see each other 's faces and hands in 3d .
but there were daunting challenges .
new york city 's not exceptional .
in about five years -- this is not the smallest device -- in about five years , these are all going to look like strips of glass on our eyes that project holograms .
ln : it smelled kind of like singed flesh .
and if you want to be humbled , try to teach a kid something .
and now , where there was once a mountain of certitude , there was , running right down to its foundation , a spring of doubt , a spring that promised rivers .
at a 10-year memorial for the genocide , he reflected , `` i believed at the time i was doing my best , but i realized after the genocide that there was more i could and should have done to sound the alarm and rally support . ''
that 's a plant profile and that plant will start making friends .
and i held out my hand , reaching for something to believe in .
now , people on the radio , especially on npr , are much more aware that they 're going on the record , and so they 're more careful about what they claim to be an expert in and what they claim to know for sure .
the first option is that amira can take her family to a camp .
now , i 'm not naive .
why do i know it by heart ?
he made two documentary films with and for our team , and he 's making a successful business out of very little .
so , you know -- you get started maybe a little slowly , but you get enough done in the first week that , with some heavier days later on , everything gets done , things stay civil .
inside of these 60 square feet , we produced enough food to feed about 300 people once a month -- not a lot of food .
it might sound like a funny question , but we have to ask ourselves : is there any 21st-century skill more important than being able to sustain coherent , confident conversation ? ''
and a lot of this is about racial disparities and institutionalized racism , things that we 're not supposed to have in this country anymore , certainly not in the practice of medicine or public health .
where does this start ? it starts here .
there 's been an 80 percent decline in the world 's worst poverty since i was a kid .
we did research . we counseled the partners of infected men about how to protect themselves .
they have a 3d environment , they can log into it anywhere in the world on their smartphone , on their tablet .
we mourn the tragic death of two-year-old alan kurdi , and yet , since then , more than 200 children have subsequently drowned in the mediterranean .
that 's why sounding the alarm about the impact of racism on health in the united states , the ongoing institutional and interpersonal violence that people of color face , compounded by our tragic legacy of 250 years of slavery , 90 years of jim crow and 60 years of imperfect equality , sounding the alarm about this is central to doing my job right as new york city 's health commissioner .
natalia and her colleagues think they have an answer .
it spread because we found countless entrepreneurs in the nooks and crannies of america who were creating jobs and changing lives and who needed a little help .
at every turn , we 're connecting the ios of the brain with our brain on , for the first time , our brain 's terms .
so we had an awesome new revised plan .
no big deal , right ?
we recognized that that could benefit jordan , whose development strategy requires it to make the leap as a middle income country to manufacturing .
thank you , appreciate it .
the next time someone uses the r-word near you , i hope you will tell them how much it hurts .
you know .
well , it means everything 's fine until this happens .
and i said , `` oh , it 's water in air . ''
and at the moment , in my country , for instance , we often send engineers to rural areas and farmers to the cities , which makes no sense at all .
it 's in the news every day .
a number of years ago now , i went to bed bath and beyond and home depot and i started hacking .
they can tell you when you see that plant dying that it 's a nitrogen deficiency , a calcium deficiency or it needs more humidity .
now , on the other side of the peninsula lies cabo pulmo , a sleepy fishing village .
but do n't take my word for it -- come with me .
that 's not that many boxes , especially since we 've already used a bunch of those .
i wanted the best answer from mainstream economists left , right and center .
these exist , too .
as health professionals in our daily work , whether in the clinic or doing research , we are witness to great injustice : the homeless person who is unable to follow medical advice because he has more pressing priorities ; the transgender youth who is contemplating suicide because our society is just so harsh ; the single mother who has been made to feel that she is responsible for the poor health of her child .
what we 've seen in europe will be with us for many years .
and there are so many ways that we can form communities like that .
nr : and i 'm thinking , what ? that 's amazing -- if it 's true .
but amira also has no hope of resettlement to a third country , because that 's a lottery ticket only available to less than one percent of the world 's refugees .
a veteran of the ted stage is my friend jonathan haidt .
he said , `` there 's no water in air , you 're an idiot . ''
and so i said , `` mom , what 's on your mind ? ''
there is a difference .
if you put in a complicated question , you 're going to get a simple answer out .
it was written by a high school teacher named paul barnwell .
and i thought about this , and i said , well , if the procrastinator 's system works , then what 's going on ?
i know that if you 're not a trained brain expert , it 's not that obvious , but just take a look , ok ?
these exist right now .
there was an article last year in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , which is one of the most prestigious scientific journals published in the west .
it stems from a fundamental contradiction in europe 's asylum policy , which is the following : that in order to seek asylum in europe , you have to arrive spontaneously by embarking on those dangerous journeys that i described .
in the zaatari refugee camp in jordan , you can hear the shells across the border in syria at nighttime .
and in point of fact , i took a route that was not exactly what my parents had in mind .
i have always wanted to travel back in time to an era where maps were mostly blank or they read , `` there be dragons . ''
you could learn some tiny thing that forces you to reframe everything you thought you knew .
so how do we bring that to something that we understand ?
we have shed our staff and closed our doors and we will share our model freely with anyone who sees their power to do this work without waiting for our permission .
number nine : this is not the last one , but it is the most important one .
but there on that night , i did not stop believing .
it requires our willingness to readjust , to reimagine .
who said it ?
but it 's not enough to experience things ourselves .
however , when plankton densities increase , the mantas line up head-to-tail to form these long feeding chains , and any tasty morsel that escapes the first or second manta in line is surely to be gobbled up by the next or the one after .
and then -- but then those middle months actually went by , and i did n't really write words , and so we were here .
ln : what she had , she discovered , was a tibia , a leg bone , and specifically , one that belonged to a cloven-hoofed mammal , so something like a cow or a sheep .
but it just so happened , two days later , i had to travel up the road to harlem , where i found myself sitting in an urban farm that had once been a vacant lot , listening to a man named tony tell me of the kids that showed up there every day .
nr : the earliest ones .
but , if you have n't noticed , now we 're not in tribal times .
if you want to state your opinion without any opportunity for response or argument or pushback or growth , write a blog .
and i knew for a paper like that , my normal work flow was not an option .
and so members of my team immediately went out and joined dr. humarr khan and his team there , and we set up diagnostics to be able to have sensitive molecular tests to pick up ebola if it came across the border and into sierra leone .
all the ways in which we take for granted that we are plugged in to the global economy can and should apply to refugees .
they started here .
you ca n't progress as a society when you have this kind of asymmetry .
frankly , people do n't care about the years , the names , the dates , all those details that you 're struggling to come up with in your mind .
if you ask americans , `` has poverty gotten worse or better around the world ? `` , 70 percent will say that hunger has gotten worse since the early 1970s .
also , our coaches teach us about nutrition and health .
so how on earth would one of these guys end up in the high arctic ?
yes , the gospel of doubt means that it is possible that we , on this stage , in this room , are wrong .
it 's usually suffered quietly and privately .
this year , at the 2015 world summer games , people lined up for hours to get into the final night of powerlifting competition .
then there 's the r-word , proving that people with intellectual disabilities are still invisible to far too many people .
now , i 'm not the first person to tell this story .
when i 'm talking , i 'm in control .
how is it that one of these saharan superstars could ever have survived those arctic conditions ?
that 's why i chose it .
but these individuals , they risk their lives every day to protect the individuals in their communities , and by doing so , protect us all .
and it 's very , very important that we get this right , because we might be living inside of these things for at least as long as we 've lived with the windows graphical user interface .
let them describe it . they 're the ones that know .
now , you might not all be a mess , like some of us , and some of you may have a healthy relationship with deadlines , but remember : the monkey 's sneakiest trick is when the deadlines are n't there .
why did n't you just tell me that ? ''
for refugees , that choice is the global refugee regime today .
even in the camps , we found extraordinary examples of vibrant , flourishing and entrepreneurial businesses .
however , i get bumped and tail-slapped just like any other guest at this rowdy , rowdy banquet .
is this a new grocery store ?
so it was standing room only when my teammate jackie barrett , the newfoundland moose , deadlifted 655 pounds and lifted 611 pounds in the squat -- setting huge new records for special olympics .
it 's that we 're not applying them adequately to a changing world , and that 's what we need to reconsider .
i had believed .
so this is my lab now .
against the odds of extreme constraint , refugees are innovating , and the gentleman you see before you is a congolese guy called demou-kay .
now ...
the plants are producing the protein that 's ebola resistant .
i felt the weight of revelation that i could sit in one room on one night , where a few hundred people had half a trillion dollars , and another room , two days later , just 50 blocks up the road , where a man was going without a salary to get a child her only meal of the day .
now , the panic monster explains all kinds of pretty insane procrastinator behavior , like how someone like me could spend two weeks unable to start the opening sentence of a paper , and then miraculously find the unbelievable work ethic to stay up all night and write eight pages .
what if you could take this apple , digitize it somehow , send it through particles in the air and reconstitute it on the other side ?
she was the runner-up to miss america .
the seventh grader said , `` what 's humidity ? ''
it was the free enterprise system spreading around the world after 1970 that did that .
but there , there 's great difficulty as well .
some places in the world it 's too little food , maybe too much .
from that specimen that we take from a patient 's blood to detect ebola , the other thing we can do is , actually , put in a chemical and deactivate it , so just place it into a box and ship it across the ocean , and that 's what we did .
is this a new cafeteria ?
they go into the city .
you see , i had become an enthusiast for capitalism , and i want to tell you why that is .
we should use machines that use the principles of neuroscience to extend our senses versus going against them .
there 's no other way .
we 've gone a long way into technology and seed for an adverse world and we 're going to continue to do that , but we 're going to have a new tool , too , which is perfect world .
we 're in an advanced civilization , and the monkey does not know what that is .
it 's very important to me that this is easily accessible .
so with friends and colleagues , he started a community radio station , he rented a video camera , and he 's now making films .
it was possible the answers i had were wrong , that the questions themselves were wrong .
and once i stopped complaining about how unfair it was that jesus would return as soon as i had to be accountable for all that i had done , i figured i had better get my house in order very quickly .
and working with ngos like the manta trust , my images eventually helped hanifaru become a marine-protected area .
she 's a paleobiologist , which means she specializes in digging up really old dead stuff .
and though we 've made enormous strides in reducing infant mortality rates , a black baby still faces nearly three times the risk of death in its first year of life as compared to a white baby .
i do n't want you to think i 'm here because i 'm a charity case .
they have lifted billions out of poverty . ''
it was tweeted more than nine million times last year , and it is deeply hurtful to me and my four and a half million fellow athletes around the planet .
ln : and at first she thought it was just a splinter of wood , because that 's the sort of thing people had found at the fyles leaf bed before -- prehistoric plant parts .
but what we realized is , the tool was too big , it was too expensive .
now , part of that is due to technology .
it 's like the plant has two hearts .
and i created one of the most intimate relationships i 've ever had in my life , because i was learning the language of plants .
nr : yeah , you want to track it . it 's kind of important .
and particularly , i want to focus on nature 's resilience in the face of 7.3 billion people .
the future of food is not about fighting over what 's wrong with this .
but in the middle of all this excitement , the rational decision-maker seemed to have something else on his mind .
we 're blessed with people who listen to us .
because it simply is not true to say that we live in an age of disbelief -- no , we believe today just as much as any time that came before .
it 's not the same . it is never the same .
number five : entrepreneurship .
so if that 's not weird enough , you can click one and you get a plant profile .
two months ?
you 'll have some with really long necks , so they 're actually functionally like giraffes .
those beautiful eyes are not being passed down .
and i do n't mean just set down your cell phone or your tablet or your car keys or whatever is in your hand .
but then came my 90-page senior thesis , a paper you 're supposed to spend a year on .
thank you .
the future of food is about networking the next one billion farmers and empowering them with a platform to ask and answer the question , `` what if ? ''
if you want to replicate it and get the next two billion people out of poverty , because that 's what we 're talking about : since i was a kid , two billion of the least of these , our brothers and sisters , have been pulled out of poverty .
`` no , no , no -- i 've got intellectual property that 's totally valuable .
there was pride in a room where net worth and assets under management surpassed half a trillion dollars .
the system is n't broken because the rules are wrong .
we 've grown humans -- well maybe you could , but we did n't .
what 's that ? that 's what psychologists call the phenomenon of assuming that your ideology is based in love but your opponents ' ideology is based in hate .
totally predictable .
what if that hump -- which , huge news to me , does not contain water , it contains fat -- was there to help the camel get through that six-month-long winter , when food was scarce ?
so for dr. khan and for all of those who sacrificed their lives on the front lines in this fight with us always , let us be in this fight with them always .
we did n't know where 'd we go or how we 'd get there , but we knew we had to do it .
but we can only do it if we do it together and we do it with joy .
i do n't believe it 's because people do n't care , or at least i do n't want to believe it 's because people do n't care .
from the shores of africa we travel east , across the vastness that is the indian ocean to the maldives , an archipelago of coral islands .
and they may not friend us back -- i do n't know , they might friend us back , it depends on how we act .
i think we can reconsider that choice .
and conservatives care about economic liberty 28 percent more than they care about poverty .
and i find the current climate of this discussion incredibly disempowering .
so imagine a syrian woman .
but we have to remember that enduring and disparate rates and the occurrence and outcome of common medical conditions -- heart disease , cancer , diabetes , hiv -- diseases that may kill slowly and quietly and take even more black lives prematurely .
before i joined special olympics , i was nervous because i was young , shy , not confident and did n't have many friends .
no , i knew there 'd be more work to do .
do n't we ?
ray : you 're welcome .
and when you have mcdonald 's advertising what 's in the chicken mcnugget , the most mysterious food item of all time -- they are now basing their marketing plan on that -- everything is changing .
why is that dangerous ?
this is what i decided to write about on the blog a couple of years ago .
lassa virus is a lot like ebola .
and around the world , some 80 percent of refugees who are in camps have to stay for at least five years .
my mirror-neuron subsystem suggests that this is going to replace phones in not too long .
see if you walk away with your heart unchanged . ''
and today , the closest i 've come is visiting remote atolls in the western indian ocean .
so it would have been boreal forest , so more like the yukon or siberia today .
how does the refugee regime actually work ?
number three : property rights .
and i mean it -- it will make friends with other plants that use less nitrogen , more phosphorus , less potassium .
we 're inherently these social primates .
the first time i experienced that kind of high was about 10 years ago , off south africa 's rugged , wild coast .
like , how ... how ?
so again , our favorite interface , the ios of the mind .
nr : um , no . no , we got this .
you need to enter every conversation assuming that you have something to learn .
i got home just in time to turn on the television and watch peter jennings announce the new millennium as it rolled in around the world .
this is three weeks of growth .
number one : do n't multitask .
as the # blacklivesmatter movement unfolded , i felt frustrated and angry that the medical community has been reluctant to even use the word `` racism '' in our research and our work .
i have this weird tongue now , because i 'm afraid to let anybody eat anything until i 've eaten it first , because i want it to be good .
when i did , i was amazed by the response .
and that 's exactly how the natural machine should work as well .
stephen covey said it very beautifully .
thanks .
this year , 60,000 spectators filled the famous la memorial coliseum to watch the opening ceremonies of world games and cheer athletes from 165 countries around the world .
those first few months ?
we were a lower middle class family , but that 's of course not real poverty .
the instant gratification monkey does not seem like a guy you want behind the wheel .
and it 's this long-term kind of procrastination that 's much less visible and much less talked about than the funnier , short-term deadline-based kind .
brazil has adopted a pioneering approach where over 2,000 syrians have been able to get humanitarian visas , enter brazil , and claim refugee status on arrival in brazil .
what if those broad feet were meant to tromp not over sand , but over snow , like a pair of snowshoes ?
if you think of your houseplants , and you look at your houseplant and you 're super sad , because you 're like , `` why are you dying ? wo n't you talk to me ? ''
and in our own lab , we could show that you could take those 106 records , we could train computers to predict the prognosis for ebola patients to near 100 percent accuracy .
we can make long-term plans .
if they 're talking about having lost a family member , do n't start talking about the time you lost a family member .
we had actually suspected for some time that lassa and ebola were more widespread than thought , and we thought it could one day come to kenema .
and the prayers got louder .
[ this is a perfect time to get some work done . ] [ nope ! ] so the rational decision-maker will make the rational decision to do something productive , but the monkey does n't like that plan , so he actually takes the wheel , and he says , `` actually , let 's read the entire wikipedia page of the nancy kerrigan/ tonya harding scandal , because i just remembered that that happened .
here 's the epiphany that i had that changed my thinking .
it gives them the right to work . it gives them freedom of movement .
there 's this issue of field of view , that somehow the technology is showing a broader view than you would actually see wearing the glasses .
and each of those mutations are so important , because the diagnostics , the vaccines , the therapies that we 're using , are all based on that genome sequence , fundamentally -- that 's what drives it .
and i think computers today are doing quite the opposite .
and they were all writing , saying the same thing : `` i have this problem too . ''
in hot pursuit are hoards of hungry and agile predators .
and i would want to do that like that .
where are they going ?
but other times , it makes much more sense to be doing things that are harder and less pleasant , for the sake of the big picture .
so i held on and i closed my eyes to listen , to wait .
i had prayed their prayers , i had yielded not to temptation as best i could .
and they say , `` is this tim urban ? ''
so the next time you see someone with an intellectual disability , i hope you will see their ability .
so i 'd like to spend the next 10 minutes or so teaching you how to talk and how to listen .
and then around the end of the last ice age , north american camels went extinct .
jackie is a record holder among all powerlifters in newfoundland -- not just special olympics , all powerlifters .
you expect to see this between palestinians and israelis , for example .
but while living in zimbabwe , i did n't see my role as an advocacy or a political one .
this is my new facility that i 'm just starting .
you know , i grew up with a very famous grandfather , and there was kind of a ritual in my home .
nr : it 's not a whole lot . it fits in a small ziploc bag .
ebola on one person 's doorstep could soon be on ours .
one grows greens , one grows ebola vaccine .
i mean , be present .
what it really does is give the plant exactly what it wants : water , minerals and oxygen .
that 's why there 's an overlap . sometimes they agree .
we were working together in this virtual way , sharing , regular calls , communications , trying to follow the virus minute by minute , to see ways that we could stop it .
and they say , `` we need to talk about your thesis . ''
when we ask for more , cheaper food , we 're now asking for better , environmentally friendly food .
but in practice , they get stuck in almost indefinite limbo .
with all the power that we hold in our hands , why are people still suffering so bad ?
and i went in search of an answer .
i hope you will think about getting involved with special olympics .
when plankton concentrations become patchy , manta rays feed alone and they somersault themselves backwards again and again , very much like a puppy chasing its own tail .
it costs around a thousand euros to take a smuggler from turkey to the greek islands .
welcome to the new tractor .
but today , that system is failing .
in new york city , premature mortality -- that 's death before the age of 65 -- is 50 percent higher for black men than white ones .
and it 's kind of brilliant .
he wanted to teach them how to speak on a specific subject without using notes .
we 're going to learn so much .
many doctors , health professionals , may think i did nothing wrong .
on a single breath , swim with me in deep , into one of the largest and densest schools of fish i have ever encountered .
both brains have a rational decision-maker in them , but the procrastinator 's brain also has an instant gratification monkey .
that did not happen .
but the problem is that the data that all of us are using , googling on the web , is just too limited to do what we need to do .
hey ray , how 's it going ?
i regret not speaking up in zimbabwe , and i 've promised myself that as new york city 's health commissioner , i will use every opportunity i have to sound the alarm and rally support for health equity .
i had a bit of a hunch that they 'd be even bolder and more abundant at night .
rightfully or not , our societal position gives our voices great credibility , and we should n't waste that .
as six months turned into four and then two and then one , the people of ted decided to release the speakers .
if refugees were simply allowed to travel directly and seek asylum in europe , we would avoid that , and there 's a way of doing that through something called a humanitarian visa , that allows people to collect a visa at an embassy or a consulate in a neighboring country and then simply pay their own way through a ferry or a flight to europe .
and i wondered , what happened to that kid ?
and -- there was , however , one awkward conversation about my lifestyle that i want to tell you about .
go out , talk to people , listen to people , and , most importantly , be prepared to be amazed .
and to test this , i found an mri lab that actually let me scan both my brain and the brain of a proven non-procrastinator , so i could compare them .
tony told me that he started harlem grown with money from his pension , after 20 years as a cab driver .
now , i had a hypothesis that the brains of procrastinators were actually different than the brains of other people .
nr : rusty , kind of rust-colored , about the size of the palm of my hand .
and the principle we all revolve around is what 's called the `` neural path of least resistance . ''
this is the blueprint -- the genome of a virus is the blueprint .
the kids have headed to sendai and tokyo , the land is contaminated , they already import 70 percent of their own food .
was there a potential that you 'd put it together a different way and have , like , a parakeet or something ?
what would that change about quality of life and nutrition ?
so i took a pilgrimage to yet another mecca , harvard business school -- this time , knowing that i could not simply accept the salvation that it claimed to offer .
but i knew that epidemics emerge along the fissures of our society , reflecting not only biology , but more importantly patterns of marginalization , exclusion , discrimination related to race , gender , sexuality , class and more .
it spread because we found a great hunger in our generation for purpose , for meaning .
that 's right -- i think all of you are procrastinators .
there is great injustice in the daily and disproportionate violence faced by young black men , the focus of recent protests under the banner # blacklivesmatter .
and the nansen international refugee office received the nobel peace prize in recognition of this being a viable strategy .
it could be something that 's transmitted through the air .
we were being contacted from people all over , surprised to see the data out there and released .
not long ago , people like me were shunned and hidden away .
what a great life .
the work began in the dark corner of a crowded party , in the late night of an early , miserable cambridge winter , when three friends and i asked a question that young folks searching for something real have asked for a very long time : `` what if we took a road trip ? ''
you know , it used to be that in order to have a polite conversation , we just had to follow the advice of henry higgins in `` my fair lady '' : stick to the weather and your health .
nr : really , it 's not going to sound very exciting , because it was a day of walking with your backpack and your gps and notebook and just picking up anything that might be a fossil .
here 's an old electronics room that nobody wants .
nr : it 's kind of magical when it all fits together .
and you know , my parents never complained .
now , i want to tell you a little secret .
i put it this way : everybody is an expert in something .
pretty amazing that plants and this darpa grand challenge winner is one of the reasons we 're getting ahead of ebola .
last april , i traveled to jordan with my colleague , the development economist paul collier , and we brainstormed an idea while we were there with the international community and the government , an idea to bring jobs to syrians while supporting jordan 's national development strategy .
you may never have heard of kenema , sierra leone or arua , nigeria .
and second , what can we do to fix it ?
and i worry that the trend towards personalized and precision medicine , looking for biological or genetic targets to better tailor treatment , may inadvertently cause us to lose sight of the big picture , that it is the daily context , where a person lives , grows , works , loves , that most importantly determines population health , and for too many of us , poor health .
by the way , all that is through special olympics .
it turns out that the 3.5 million-year-old bone that natalia had dug out of the high arctic belonged to ...
it was over .
it would save lives , it would undercut the entire market for smugglers , and it would remove the chaos we see from europe 's front line in areas like the greek islands .
we sent it to boston , where my team works .
i eventually got them to survive .
and sometimes that means setting aside your personal opinion .
pew research did a study of 10,000 american adults , and they found that at this moment , we are more polarized , we are more divided , than we ever have been in history .
and that 's when we have a conflict .
everything is different .
we see suffering as a necessary act of the capitalism that is our god , we take the text of technological progress to be infallible truth .
now if the procrastinator 's only mechanism of doing these hard things is the panic monster , that 's a problem , because in all of these non-deadline situations , the panic monster does n't show up . he has nothing to wake up for , so the effects of procrastination , they 're not contained ; they just extend outward forever .
buddha said , and i 'm paraphrasing , `` if your mouth is open , you 're not learning . ''
thanks , guys .
education is often of poor quality .
they tell the history of our universe , of our planet , of life on this planet .
this year , research findings showed that nearly half of the adults in the us do n't know a single person with an intellectual disability , and the 44 percent of americans who do n't have personal contact with intellectual disabilities are significantly less accepting and positive .
and by the end of my 20s , i wound up as a member of the barcelona symphony orchestra in spain .
perfect . and your brain knows exactly how to get it back .
it was announced at the london syria conference two weeks ago , and a pilot will begin in the summer .
it 's that long-term procrastination has made them feel like a spectator , at times , in their own lives .
when i got there , though , everyone was very encouraging , supportive , and let me be myself without being judged .
because when we talk in this country about economics , on the right , conservatives , you 're always talking about taxes and regulations and big government .
for nearly 40 of the 45 million years that camels have been around , you could only find them in north america , around 20 different species , maybe more .
infection rate stood at about two percent in my early days there .
and i grew up with a family of great seattlites .
we have to remember that we need people who disagree with us , because there are people who need all of us who are still waiting for these tools .
number one : globalization .
they 're not thinking about how much it hurts me and my friends .
but 106 is just not enough to make it powerful , to validate it .
that is diversity in which lies our strength .
this , my friends , that 's a miracle .
today , they are the most ardent conservation champions and manta rays earn the maldivian economy in excess of 8 million dollars every single year .
problem is it was a sauce tomato and we do n't know how to cook , so we ate a sauce tomato , which is not that great .
special olympics is transforming more than just the athlete in their sport .
and every june and july , enormous shoals of sardines travel northwards in a mass migration we call the sardine run .
so every faction of the congregation took its place .
we chose uganda not because it 's representative of all host countries .
anyway , today i 'm a writer-blogger guy .
and many of them , almost most of them , are more likely to text their friends than they are to talk to them face to face .
you know , all of us in this room , we 're blessed .
and let us not let the world be defined by the destruction wrought by one virus , but illuminated by billions of hearts and minds working in unity .
roots are not that complicated , so when you give them that , you get this amazing expression .
the famed therapist m. scott peck said that true listening requires a setting aside of oneself .
that means the host probably stopped listening two minutes ago because he thought of this really clever question , and he was just bound and determined to say that .
this project was actually one of my student 's -- mechanical engineering undergraduate , camille .
as plankton levels peak in the bay , the mantas swim closer and closer together in a unique behavior we call cyclone feeding .
but if you are disturbed by the unconscionable things that we have come to accept , then it must be questioning time .
harvest plant , and you 've created a new digital recipe .
we 've heard interviews often in which a guest is talking for several minutes and then the host comes back in and asks a question which seems like it comes out of nowhere , or it 's already been answered .
how do you express yourself in food ?
we 'll never come together . wrong .
for me , it 's a story about us , about how we see the world and about how that changes .
these are farmers , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , environmental engineer , computer scientist , plant scientist , economist , urban planners .
listen .
the experience of diving amongst such masses of hundreds of rays is truly unforgettable .
i did n't speak out about the unequal access to these life-saving drugs or about the underlying economic and political systems that were driving infection rates in such huge swaths of the population .
the economist alvin roth has developed the idea of matching markets , ways in which the preference ranking of the parties shapes an eventual match .
ninety percent of the quality of that apple -- all of the antioxidants -- are gone by the time we get it .
how has the situation come to this , that we 've adopted such an inhumane response to a humanitarian crisis ?
it 's not good enough .
it 's common in world conflict .
the last generation 's problem was , we need more food and we need it cheap .
but when i found myself back home one winter break , with my face planted in the floor , my hands tied behind my back and a burglar 's gun pressed to my head , i knew that even the best education could n't save me .
so into the world now .
it 's this crazy idea , that what seems like proof of the camel 's quintessential desert nature could actually be proof of its high arctic past .
he was saying , `` are we clear on what we just accepted ?
and the results of that are extraordinary both for refugees and the host community .
thanks , ray .
they should extend our bodies .
we 're going to learn about a complexity that we can only guess at now .
some of the greatest viral trackers in the world were suddenly part of our community .
but chances are the postcard image you have in your brain is one of these , the dromedary , quintessential desert creature -- hangs out in sandy , hot places like the middle east and the sahara , has a big old hump on its back for storing water for those long desert treks , has big , broad feet to help it tromp over sand dunes .
ln : and she tried to piece them together like a jigsaw puzzle .
but there 's a second kind of procrastination that happens in situations when there is no deadline .
it can cause a severe fever and can often be fatal .
these statistics are paralleled by statistics found across the united states .
far , far away from shipping lanes and fishing fleets , diving into these waters is a poignant reminder of what our oceans once looked like .
all experiences are individual .
we offer high-quality , year round sports programs for people with intellectual disabilities that changes lives and perceptions .
it was a smell that natalia recognized from cutting up skulls in her gross anatomy lab : collagen .
and then a voice rang out above us : `` amen . ''
i was 27 , and i was home from barcelona , and i was visiting my parents for christmas , and i was cooking dinner with my mother , and we were alone in the kitchen .
number four : rule of law .
in 1994 , he was head of the un peacekeeping department .
king abdullah has picked up on the idea .
i am the only person in this room that 's eaten that kind of tomato .
so when i learned this , i asked , what did that ? what made it possible ?
but these two things look nothing alike , and that 's where i am with my field .
so how are we going to do it ? how are we going to do it together ?
if they 're talking about the trouble they 're having at work , do n't tell them about how much you hate your job .
we launched school education and workplace interventions .
many of them carried all of their belongings in a backpack to avoid losing them in a homeless shelter .
and so amira ca n't go back there .
you 're hunched over these rectangles , fumbling with buttons and menus and more rectangles .
in response , my colleagues and i set up a clinic .
but of course his eyes were glazed over , and the moment was dead .
and in that scheme , every syrian who has gone through it has received refugee status and been recognized as a genuine refugee .
the excitement , the camaraderie , was palpable .
today 's computers are so amazing that we fail to notice how terrible they really are .
we 're all in this fight together .
the second interface guideline we call `` touch to see . ''
and now my proprioception is working , and i can go ahead and explode these glasses into a thousand parts and touch the very sensor that is currently scanning my hand .
mg : so folks , this is the message that i discovered in that bar in 2011 : the future of computers is not locked inside one of these screens .
because if you do n't know why , you ca n't do it again .
and that 's exactly what tools should do , i think .
that was really profound for us , because without knowing it , we 'd always felt that in order to honor the individuals in kenema where we worked , we had to work openly , we had to share and we had to work together .
and just in case he did , i built a backup plan , by reading the `` left behind '' books that were all the rage at the time .
we need to think about what we 're really procrastinating on , because everyone is procrastinating on something in life .
and that of course , as you can imagine , becomes extremely important , even essential , as things begin to change .
but you know what we really need ?
we speak in the tongues of charismatic leaders that promise to solve all our problems .
so these days , i 'm not staying quiet .
but that is great .
this is how the year would go .
in that process we would bring the plants out and we would take some back to the lab , because if you grew it , you do n't throw it away ; it 's kind of precious to you .
it was at an event that we were doing on the subject at georgetown university in may of 2015 .
and we make decisions about where to live , who to marry and even who our friends are going to be , based on what we already believe .
i 've visited hundreds of marine locations , but there are a handful of seascapes that have touched me incredibly deeply .
technologists falling backwards into plant physiology .
without dolphins , the bait balls are more dispersed and sharks often end up with what i call a sardine donut , or a mouth full of water .
the choir stayed in the choir stand , the deacons and their wives -- or the baptist bourgeoisie as i like to call them -- took first position in front of the altar .
and the question is , in this situation , with the monkey behind the wheel , how does the procrastinator ever get himself over here to this blue zone , a less pleasant place , but where really important things happen ?
i believe that the best way for me to effect change is to sell love .
they were more excited , happy and confident , because their coach could vocally communicate with them .
if you know about the genome or genetics , this is the phenome , right ?
this doubt compels me to renounce the role of savior that some have placed on me , because our time is too short and our odds are too long to wait for second comings , when the truth is that there will be no miracles here .
number eight : stay out of the weeds .
and that would happen every single paper .
he said , `` most of us do n't listen with the intent to understand .
learn to have a conversation without wasting your time , without getting bored , and , please god , without offending anybody .
whites were largely unscathed .
he 's a psychology professor at new york university .
the reason why we limit those options is because we think that those are the only options that are available to refugees , and they 're not .
welcome to your global farm .
so i was trained as a historian .
people use it as a casual term or an insult .
number one : we get to start to work on the next two billion and be the solution that we 've seen so much of in the past and we need to see more of in the future . that 's what we get .
being special olympics athletes restores our pride and dignity .
just imagine for a moment what this could mean for storytellers , for painters , for brain surgeons , for interior decorators and maybe for all of us here today .
and the monkey said , `` totally agree , but let 's just open google earth and zoom in to the bottom of india , like 200 feet above the ground , and scroll up for two and a half hours til we get to the top of the country , so we can get a better feel for india . ''
and there 's sometimes a debate among technologists about , are we really seeing the real thing on-screen ?
we need to stay aware of the instant gratification monkey .
somebody asked stephen hawking once what his iq was , and he said , `` i have no idea . people who brag about their iqs are losers . ''
i think of that as the first user on the plant facebook , right ?
then -- then we 're going to go over to the fridge , to see if there 's anything new in there since 10 minutes ago .
working side by side with brilliant zimbabweans -- scientists , doctors , activists -- i felt connected not only to an african independence movement , but to a global progressive public health movement .
it began one evening almost a year ago at the museum of natural history in new york city , at a gala for alumni of harvard business school .
here are the first three design guidelines that we employ in this brand-new form of user experience .
so this camel would have been about nine feet tall , weighed around a ton .
it 's a perfect world .
and he found a match .
what if ...
were we seeing the real deal there ?
having hit a wall , she showed one of the fragments to some colleagues of hers in colorado , and they had an idea .
and while this approach has merits , i have come full circle .
they select recipes that have been created by other kids anywhere in the world .
they 're completely unnecessary journeys , and last year , they led to the deaths of over 3,000 people on europe 's borders and within european territory .
well , that was not going to work at this point , right ?
and if you 're a liberal , be a liberal who is always talking about the beauty of free markets to solve our problems when we use them responsibly .
in practice , our immigration policies block the path to safety .
i would like to leave you with one final thought .
no young people , and everyone 's headed in .
and i thought , this is the solution to the biggest problem facing america today . what ?
so in the early part of the epidemic from kenema , we 'd had 106 clinical records from patients , and we once again made that publicly available to the world .
so azuri is on a break from her regular gig at the radio city music hall .
to isolate the single most intuitive interface out of infinity , we use neuroscience to drive our design guidelines , instead of letting a bunch of designers fight it out in the boardroom .
and this doubt , it fuels me , it gives me hope that when our troubles overwhelm us , when the paths laid out for us seem to lead to our demise , when our healers bring no comfort to our wounds , it will not be our blind faith -- no , it will be our humble doubt that shines a little light into the darkness of our lives and of our world and lets us raise our voice to whisper
it 's not . it 's exceptional .
and i 've learned that , actually , a lot of scientists are historians , too .
lots of people doubted that people with intellectual disabilities could benefit from fitness programs and sports competition opportunities .
nr : i know , would n't that be great ?
it 's all online ; go home , try to build your first food computer .
so all four of these ideas that i 've presented you are ways in which we can expand amira 's choice set .
amira can seek some hope for her family by risking their lives on a dangerous and perilous journey to another country , and it 's that which we 're seeing in europe today .
there we were , souls and bodies packed into a texas church on the last night of our lives .
but over and over again , midnight struck , and i opened my eyes to see that all of these gods were dead .
they are becoming more compressed and more threatened .
how is this apple food crisis ?
and just 15 minutes away from the zaatari refugee camp , home to 83,000 refugees , is an existing economic zone called the king hussein bin talal development area .
crank up co2 , plant dies .
nr : yeah , you 're going to have different body sizes .
in theory , refugees have a right to a pathway to integration , or return to the country they 've come from .
but not from a top-down institutional perspective , rather from the perspective of a refugee .
as a marine biologist turned photographer , i 've spent most of my career looking for places as magical as those i used to dream about when i was little .
thank you .
we 're going against the neural path of least resistance .
very few people have heard of bassas da india , a tiny speck of coral in the mozambique channel .
nr : we make up stories and we stick with it , like the camel in the desert , right ?
so i 'd start off light , and i 'd bump it up in the middle months , and then at the end , i would kick it up into high gear just like a little staircase .
there has been lots of change since special olympics began in 1968 , but in too many cases , people with intellectual disabilities are invisible to the wider population .
it was a picture in the national geographic magazine of a kid who was my age in east africa , and there were flies on his face and a distended belly .
it 's our lives on the line .
and you do n't want to be like that .
but this time , the false savior was me .
no , no , it was very , very bad .
other places , gmo is saving the world .
others have told it as a way to marvel at evolutionary biology or as a keyhole into the future of climate change .
these people were writing with intense frustration about what procrastination had done to their lives , about what this monkey had done to them .
camps are in bleak , arid locations , often in the desert .
but we 've done things with protein -- we 've grown all kinds of things .
the fun you have in the dark playground is n't actually fun , because it 's completely unearned , and the air is filled with guilt , dread , anxiety , self-hatred -- all of those good procrastinator feelings .
they noted that more than one out of every six black men who today should be between the ages of 25 and 54 years have disappeared from daily life , lost either to prison or premature death .
and then we built it .
the most productive areas in green , the least productive in red .
number six : do n't equate your experience with theirs .
as you can see , i began exploring bodies of water at a fairly young age .
special olympics also addresses critical health needs .
we 've had them before . we know what it 's like .
ray : great . we 're live today .
now , of course , i said yes .
we need a new day in flexible ideology .
many lives were lost , many health-care workers , including beloved colleagues of mine , five colleagues : mbalu fonnie , alex moigboi , dr. humarr khan , alice kovoma and mohamed fullah .
with the same great feelings of suspense , the same deep hopes for salvation , the same sweat in the palms and the same people in the back not paying attention .
this warehouse could be anywhere .
we 're sitting there having a conversation with someone , and then we remember that time that we met hugh jackman in a coffee shop .
we need each other , in other words , if we want to help people and get the next two billion people out of poverty .
number three : use open-ended questions .
i have won medals in three different sports and national games in canada , competed at the international level in basketball and was proud to represent canada on the world stage .
and a couple of years ago , i decided to write about procrastination .
studies have shown that , on average , men with intellectual disabilities die 13 years younger than men without , and women with intellectual disabilities die 20 years younger than women without .
these are all the broccoli in my lab that day , by ip address .
everyone on this planet affects and is affected by the ocean .
so finally , we used a 3d surface scanner .
yes , clothes , blankets , shelter , food are all important in the emergency phase , but we need to also look beyond that .
but i had a bit of an epiphany , and they had detected it , and it was causing some confusion .
but i love it for a totally different reason .
using rigorous scientific research , dr. hayden and other researchers came to the conclusion that it was simply the lack of opportunity to participate that caused their fitness levels to suffer .
we looked over all that we had made , and it was good .
it is crap .
now , the dark playground is a place that all of you procrastinators out there know very well .
the amount of human capacity out there is just amazing , and the internet connects us all .
but more than that , i said , `` what an opportunity . ''
my behavior has always perplexed the non-procrastinators around me , and i wanted to explain to the non-procrastinators of the world what goes on in the heads of procrastinators , and why we are the way we are .
the new government emerged from a long war of independence and immediately proclaimed a socialist agenda : health care services , primary education became essentially free .
it 's the greatest antipoverty achievement in the history of mankind , and it happened in our lifetimes .
and , more importantly , it is not about you .
alternatively , amira can head to an urban area in a neighboring country , like amman or beirut .
between 1922 and 1942 , these nansen passports were used as travel documents to allow 450,000 assyrians , turks and chechens to travel across europe and claim refugee status elsewhere in europe .
actually -- do n't trust me , right ?
meanwhile across the bar , i noticed another student holding his phone , this time towards a group .
we 're in that weird `` we 're alright '' stage and it 's like , `` here 's my black box -- '' `` no , buy mine . ''
ln : if i put them all in a lineup , would they look different ?
we can see the big picture .
and the monkey -- remember , he 's terrified of the panic monster -- boom , he 's up the tree !
now it just so happens that i have such a machine here .
so our minds are filling in those other 275 words .
conversations are not a promotional opportunity .
and importantly , he 's the only thing the monkey is terrified of .
it 's a story about this woman , natalia rybczynski .
so i think we need to all take a long , hard look at that calendar .
what do babies do when they see something that grabs their interest ?
i worked to show how getting infected was not a moral failure but instead related to a culture of male superiority , to forced migrant labor and to colonialism .
this was all shot through a gopro through our very glasses .
it was true of aids .
its basic aim is to ensure that when a state fails , or worse , turns against its own people , people have somewhere to go , to live in safety and dignity until they can go home .
the average person talks at about 225 word per minute , but we can listen at up to 500 words per minute .
most host countries do n't open up their economies to refugees in the same way .
number one , we 'd rather talk .
after that , we 're going to go on a youtube spiral that starts with videos of richard feynman talking about magnets and ends much , much later with us watching interviews with justin bieber 's mom .
we do n't have to have all the answers to call for change .
i realized that my story stood in for all those who were expected to pick themselves up by their bootstraps , even if they did n't have any boots ; that my organization stood in for all the structural , systemic help that never went to harlem or appalachia or the lower 9th ward ; that my voice stood in for all those voices that seemed too unlearned , too unwashed , too unaccommodated .
if we do that , we get two things .
yes , these men and women were the stars of the show for me .
if i ask you , `` were you terrified ? ''
today the descendents of these same whales nudge their youngsters to the surface to play and even interact with us .
ln : huh . so over the next four years , she went to that spot over and over , and eventually collected 30 fragments of that exact same bone , most of them really tiny .
the idea is for an economic zone , one in which we could potentially integrate the employment of refugees alongside the employment of jordanian host nationals .
so it helps heat dissipate easier .
i was one of over 6,500 athletes with intellectual disabilities from 165 countries who competed in la .
you 've probably felt something every time i 've said it .
let 's try it out .
so if you look at the video behind me , you can see two meta users playing around with the same hologram , making eye contact , connected around this thing , instead of being distracted by external devices .
now , what is going on here ?
medical anthropologists such as paul farmer , who worked on aids in haiti , call this structural violence : structural because inequities are embedded in the political and economic organization of our social world , often in ways that are invisible to those with privilege and power ; and violence because its impact -- premature deaths , suffering , illness -- is violent .
and then two months turned into one month , which turned into two weeks .
